spec/cordova/fixtures/platforms/cordova-browser/README.md, before:

<!--
#
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
# or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
# distributed with this work for additional information
# regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
# to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
# "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
# with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
# http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
# software distributed under the License is distributed on an
# "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
#  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
# specific language governing permissions and limitations
# under the License.
#
-->

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/apache/cordova-browser.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/apache/cordova-browser)

# Cordova Browser

Target modern web browsers to build Cordova based applications. 

# Goals

- Browser targeted deployment 
- Surfacing native platform incompatibilities from the open web platform
- Simplest possible reference implementation for future platform targets
- Optimizing cordova.js 

# TODO

`bin/create`
`bin/update`
`bin/check_reqs`
`bin/templates/scripts/cordova/build`
`bin/templates/scripts/cordova/clean`
`bin/templates/scripts/cordova/log`
`bin/templates/scripts/cordova/emulate`
`bin/templates/scripts/cordova/run`
`bin/templates/scripts/cordova/version`
`bin/templates/www`

Commit message:

CB-13056 : updated browser test files

spec/cordova/fixtures/platforms/cordova-browser/README.md, after:

<!--
#
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
# or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
# distributed with this work for additional information
# regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
# to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
# "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
# with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
# http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
# software distributed under the License is distributed on an
# "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
#  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
# specific language governing permissions and limitations
# under the License.
#
-->

[![Build status](https://travis-ci.org/apache/cordova-browser.svg?branch=master )](https://travis-ci.org/apache/cordova-browser.svg?branch=master )
[![Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/4oan2jjn7nlgfay3/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/4oan2jjn7nlgfay3/branch/master?svg=true)

# Cordova Browser

Target modern web browsers to build Apache Cordova based applications.

# Goals

- Browser targeted deployment
- Surfacing native platform incompatibilities from the open web platform

# PWA support

## cordova-browser now includes support for progressive web apps (PWAs)

- if your project supplies a `manifest.json` in the `www/` dir, it will be used
    - a `manifest.json` will be generated otherwise
- if your js code registers a service worker, it will also be used
    - a generic cordova service worker will be installed that simply caches all files in the `www` dir.
    - cache version is autoincremented for every build
